This directory contains configuration files that are used by live-helper
during the build process.

vbuild.conf:
  This file contains branch/repo related parameters for the Vyatta build.
 
binary_local-includes:
  Files in this sub-directory are copied into the binary directory during the
  binary step (before the image is built).

binary_local-hooks:
  The scripts in this sub-directory are executed during the binary step.

chroot_apt:
  The "preferences" file is used by apt during the chroot step. Note that
  normally this file is empty as the content is generated automatically
  according to "vbuild.conf" (see mk.livecd.functions). However, if a branch
  has special requirements that cannot be specified in vbuild.conf, they can
  be placed directly in this file.

chroot_local-hooks:
  The scripts in this sub-directory are executed (chrooted) during the chroot
  step (after packages are installed).

chroot_local-includes:
  Files in this sub-directory are copied into the chroot directory during the
  chroot step (after packages are installed).

chroot_local-packageslists:
  This sub-directory contains package lists that specify what packages should
  be installed. Any files named "*.list" will be used during the ISO build.

  The "vyatta-full.list" list contains the names of all packages that are
  built by Vyatta AND should be installed in the build. Every package is
  listed regardless of dependency, e.g., "vyatta-op" is listed in vyatta-full
  even though some other packages in the list depend on it.

  The "vyatta-extra.list" list contains the names of Debian packages that
  should be installed in the build. Normally this can be achieved by adding
  the Debian package to the dependency of a Vyatta package, in which case it
  does not need to be added to vyatta-extra. However, in some cases it may
  not be desirable to add a package as a dependency, but we still want it in
  the build, in which case it can be added to vyatta-extra.

  Note that the "vyatta-kernel.*" lists correspond to the various kernel
  flavors. For example, the packages in "vyatta-kernel.586-vyatta" will be
  included if the "586-vyatta" kernel flavor is specified for the build
  (through top-level configure). For now, all packages that directly *or*
  indirectly depend on the specific kernel flavor must be included in the
  flavor-specific list and *not* in one of the generic lists.  For example,
  "open-vm-tools" depends on the 586-vyatta-virt open-vm-tools-modules
  package, which depends on the 586-vyatta-virt kernel, and therefore
  "open-vm-tools" is listed in "vyatta-kernel.586-vyatta-virt" and not
  in "vyatta-full.list". During the ISO build, the flavor-specific
  list will be copied to "vyatta-kernel.list" and used by live-helper. 

chroot_local-patches:
  This sub-directory contains patches that are applied during the chroot
  step (after packages are installed).

chroot_sources:
  The files in this sub-directory specify the package repositories that should
  be added to sources.list during the chroot step. The ".gpg" files are the
  keys corresponding to the repositories. Note that normally only the file
  "vyatta.chroot.gpg" exists since the default package repos are handled 
  automatically. Additional repos can be added here if a branch has special
  requirements. However, any such additions will not be handled by the
  automated release procedure.

